“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.” – Winston Churchill
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rogers
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” – Unknown
“It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.” – Vince Lombardi
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” – Steve Jobs
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” – Rob Siltanen
“Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.” – Og Mandino
“Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing risk. That’s the classic entrepreneur.” – Mohnish Pabrai
“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.” – Maya Angelou
“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?” – Brian Tracy
“We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.” – Dr. Henry Link
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
“Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.” – Helen Keller
“The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.” – Hasidic Proverb
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” – Albert Einstein
“What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time.” – Don Zimmer
“Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Develop an ‘Attitude of Gratitude’. Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you.” – Brian Tracy
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – C.S. Lewis
“To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage.” – Confucius
“Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body.” – Brian Tracy
“The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best!” – Brian Tracy
“For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded.” – Jack Canfield
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” – Positive Quote by John Wooden
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.” – Marcus Tullius Cicero
“I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.” – Michael Phelps
“Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.” – Robert H. Schuller
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” – Zig Ziglar
“A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.” – Brian Tracy
“There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.” – Brian Tracy
“Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word.” - Brian Tracy
“Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people” - Brian Tracy
“Clarity is the key to effective leadership. What are your goals?” - Brian Tracy
“The best leaders have a high Consideration Factor. They really care about their people” - Brian Tracy
